Let's take a look at two more services underneath the IoT services category,
Events and SiteWise.
AWS IoT Events is a fully managed IoT service that makes it easy to detect
and respond to events from IoT sensors and applications.
Well let's try and visualize what we're talking about here.
We'll have an IoT Events application,
and this can get information from IoT Analytics,
it could get information directly from IoT Things,
and it can also get information from anything else that decides to
use the IoT Events API to send data indirectly.
Now IoT Events is going to take information from these various
sources and it's going to start to aggregate it,
and it's going to take this aggregated information and define some logic and
states to detect particular kinds of events in the data.
Now when these events occur,
it will take some sort of action from those events to try and
either mitigate a potential error or simply take a different action
that's appropriate given a various time.
And by doing this,
it may end up triggering something like a lambda function to run some bits of
code that might mitigate whatever the action is or potentially notify
somebody else using the simple notification service.
Now this entire process could be because of a manufacturing
malfunction on some assembly line or it could have nothing to do
with errors and could simply be another way to get some benefits
out of more complex workflows here.
Now the key part of this is that these events are defined by
many different pieces of information coming together rather
than a single piece of information, and that's what makes it a bit more powerful.
But in addition to AWS IoT Events, let's take a look at AWS IoT SiteWise.
This is a managed service that makes it easy to collect and
organize data from industrial equipment at scale.
So let's try and visualize this.
A common challenge of factory environments and on-premises
environments is that all of the information is cloistered inside
of that factory environment and is difficult to take actions on
inside of the cloud like AWS is.
So how do we address this using SiteWise?
Well SiteWise will provide a SiteWise Gateway and this gateway
can be used both to take different machines and actually link
those up locally on the locally connected system and send data
back and forth between them,
or it can actually be used to integrate with on-premises
data that's already stored on-premises,
but eventually it can take that data and actually extract it to the AWS cloud.
And it will do this in a secure and efficient manner that really
leverages both the connectivity of local devices and the fact
that many of these industrial systems weren't initially designed
to do something like this.
Now because of the SiteWise Gateway,
and other potential pieces of hardware that the SiteWise Gateway software
could be installed on within a common manufacturing setting,
this makes the extraction of this industrial equipment data much easier and
allows you to take more actions on it inside of the AWS cloud.
So now that we've take a look at both AWS IoT Events and IoT SiteWise,
let's go ahead and review what we've done in this module.
In this module,
we looked at how we could enrich data using things like the AWS IoT
Analytics pipelines that are part of IoT Analytics,
and also how we could use IoT Events to aggregate bits of
information from many different sources and create dynamic
events that can trigger different actions.
After that,
we looked how we could analyze data using systems like
IoT Analytics and configuring them together with other
tools like SageMaker Notebooks.
Now you could many other things with all this data,
including creating your own visualizations and
leveraging tools like Amazon QuickSight,
to graph all of those as well.
So now that we've learned how we can enrich and analyze
data inside of the AWS IoT Suite,
how else can we continue to grow and learn more
about IoT and relevant technologies?
Well let's take a look at what could be next for us.
First, we might want to think about building our own IoT applications.
There's not very much code in this course and that's a
symptom of having to get through so many different
services inside of the AWS IoT Suite.
I'd suggest diving down into building your own applications and learning
more of the nitty gritty fundamentals about AWS IoT.
You might also want to think about developing
applications with other AWS services.
Now learning these other services will really also help you
with developing your IoT applications.
Another particular point of services you might want to know is ones
related to serverless application development.
AWS Lambda in particular is used pretty frequently throughout the AWS
ecosystem to tie serverless applications to one another.
And because AWS IoT is serverless,
it's definitely another good path forward to go.
If you're interested in this in particular,
you can check out some of my other courses on serverless
application development here on Pluralsight.
Now finally,
I just wanted to take a moment and thank you for watching this course.
If you have any feedback for me on this course or for future courses,
please feel free to leave it in the discussion comments attached to this course.
And if you have any questions,
don't hesitate to reach out with my contact information.
This has been Fernando Medina Corey and I hope to see you in another course soon.